LEGAL TERMS
Azure VMware Solution ("AVS") is an Azure Service licensed to you as part of your Azure subscription and subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement under which you obtained your Azure subscription (https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/). The following additional terms also apply to your use of AVS:
DATA RETENTION. AVS does not currently support retention or extraction of data stored in AVS Clusters. Once an AVS Cluster is deleted, the data cannot be recovered as it terminates all running workloads, components, and destroys all Cluster data and configuration settings, including public IP addresses.
PROFESSIONAL SERVICES DATA TRANSFER TO VMWARE. In the event that you contact Microsoft for technical support relating to Azure VMware Solution and Microsoft must engage VMware for assistance with the issue, Microsoft will transfer the Professional Services Data and the Personal Data contained in the support case to VMware. The transfer is made subject to the terms of the Support Transfer Agreement between VMware and Microsoft, which establishes Microsoft and VMware as independent processors of the Professional Services Data. Before any transfer of Professional Services Data to VMware will occur, Microsoft will obtain and record consent from you for the transfer.
VMWARE DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT. Once Professional Services Data is transferred to VMware (pursuant to the above section), the processing of Professional Services Data, including the Personal Data contained the support case, by VMware as an independent processor will be governed by the VMware Data Processing Agreement for Microsoft AVS Customers Transferred for L3 Support (the "VMware Data Processing Agreement") between you and VMware (located at https://www.vmware.com/content/dam/digitalmarketing/vmware/en/pdf/privacy/vmware-data-processing-agreement.pdf). You also give authorization to allow your representative(s) who request technical support for Azure VMware Solution to provide consent on your behalf to Microsoft for the transfer of the Professional Services Data to VMware.
ACCEPTANCE OF LEGAL TERMS. By continuing, you agree to the above additional Legal Terms for AVS. If you are an individual accepting these terms on behalf of an entity, you also represent that you have the legal authority to enter into these additional terms on that entity's behalf.